Update User Guide (#86)
AY2425S2-CS2103T-T13-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

1. Open a command terminal, `cd` into the folder you put the jar file in, and use the `java -jar fitflow.jar` command to run the application.<br>
   A GUI similar to the below should appear in a few seconds. Note how the app contains some sample data.<br>
   ![Ui](images/Ui.png)

1. Type the command in the command box and press Enter to execute it. e.g. typing **`help`** and pressing Enter will display the list of available commands in FitFlow.<br>
   Some example commands you can try:

   * `add n/John Doe p/81234567` : Adds a client named `John Doe` to the FitFlow.
   
   * `add n/Alice Pauline p/94351253 rs/Mon 1400 1600 ots/1/2 1000 1200 g/Get fitter mh/Twisted right ankle l/Bishan ActiveSG Gym t/friends` : Adds a client named `Alice Pauline` with many details such as her schedule, fitness goal, medical history and location.

   * `find John Doe` : Finds a specific client and displays their name and phone number.
   
   * `view monday` : Displays the sessions the personal trainer has with the clients on that day.

   * `view 17/2/25` : Displays the sessions the personal trainer has with the clients on that day.

>    * `edit 1 p/81234567 rs/Tues 1600 1800 g/Do 10 pull ups` : Edits the details of the 1st client shown in the current list.

Reviewer: Change Tues to Tue, Tues is not a valid format

   * `delete 3` : Deletes the 3rd client shown in the current list.

   * `help` : Displays the list of available commands the user can use in FitFlow.

>    * `help add` : Displays the format for the specific command in FitFlow.

Reviewer 2: `help add` should be `help /add`

1. Download the latest `.jar` file from [here](https://github.com/se-edu/addressbook-level3/releases).

1. Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the _home folder_ for your FitFlow app.

1. Open a command terminal, `cd` into the folder you put the jar file in, and use the `java -jar fitflow.jar` command to run the application.<br>
   A GUI similar to the below should appear in a few seconds. Note how the app contains some sample data.<br>
   ![Ui](images/Ui.png)

> 1. Type the command in the command box and press Enter to execute it. e.g. typing **`help`** and pressing Enter will open the help window.<br>

Reviewer 3: The help behaviour has changed here

   Some example commands you can try:

   * `add n/John Doe p/81234567` : Adds a client named `John Doe` to the FitFlow.
   
   * `add n/Alice Pauline p/94351253 rs/Mon 1400 1600 g/Get fitter mh/Twisted right ankle l/Bishan ActiveSG Gym ots/1/2 1000 1200 t/friends` : Adds a client named `Alice Pauline` with many details such as her schedule, fitness goal, medical history and location.

>    * `find John Doe` : Finds a specific client and displays their details.

Reviewer 3: The behaviour here should be the same as find below

>    * `schedule monday` : Displays the sessions the personal trainer has with the clients on that day.

Reviewer 3: This should be view

>    * `schedule 17/2/25` : Displays the sessions the personal trainer has with the clients on that day.

Reviewer 3: This should be view

* If you are using a PDF version of this document, be careful when copying and pasting commands that span multiple lines as space characters surrounding line-breaks may be omitted when copied over to the application.
</div>

### Help : `help`

Displays the description and formatting of commands in FitFlow.

Format: `help [COMMAND_NAME]`

* Display all the available commands in FitFlow.
* Displays a specific command and will give the specific description and formatting for that command.

Examples:
* `help` will display the description of all the available commands in FitFlow.

> * `help add` will display the command description and formatting for the add command in FitFlow.

Reviewer 2: as above

> Format: `help`

Reviewer 3: I was thinking that maybe the `help` section below can be moved up to replace this part, since the client would most likely want to see how to get help first

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-primary">:bulb: **Tip:**
A client can have any number of recurring schedule, one time schedule, or tags (including 0)
</div>

Examples:
* `add n/Alice Pauline p/94351253 rs/Mon 1400 1600 g/Get fitter mh/Twisted right ankle l/Bishan ActiveSG Gym ots/1/2 1000 1200 t/friends`
* `add n/Betsy Crowe t/friend g/Lose weight l/Jurong GymBox p/1234567 mh/Lower back injury rs/Wed 1500 1700`

### Locating clients by name: `find`

Find clients whose names contain any of the given keywords.

Format: `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`

* The search is case-insensitive. e.g `hans` will match `Hans`
* The order of the keywords does not matter. e.g. `Hans Bo` will match `Bo Hans`
* Only the name is searched.
* Only the name and contact number of the client will be displayed
* Only full words will be matched e.g. `Han` will not match `Hans`
* Clients matching at least one keyword will be returned (i.e. `OR` search).
  e.g. `Hans Bo` will return `Hans Gruber`, `Bo Yang`

Examples:
* `find John` returns `john` and `John Doe`
* `find alex david` returns `Alex Yeoh`, `David Li`<br>
  ![result for 'find alex david'](images/findAlexDavidResult.png)

> ### View schedule: `view schedule`

Reviewer 3: Based on discord call, decided to be simply `view`

Displays the sessions the personal trainer has with clients on that day.

> Format: `view schedule [DAY] [DAY_SHORT_FORM] [DATE (DD/MM/YY)] [DATE (DD/MM)]`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Format: `view DAY/DATE`
DAY Format: `Monday` or `Mon`
DATE Format: `DD/MM[/YY]`
```

* The search is case-insensitive. e.g `Monday` will match `monday`
* At least one of the optional fields must be provided.

> * For Days, it will refer to the earliest upcoming day, for example if today is Tuesday, `view schedule Monday` will view the schedules on the Monday 6 days later.

Reviewer 3: For this line, according to ZH, it will currently be displaying generic schedule for the day first. The one's for actual dates might be added in a future iteration

Reviewer 3: Additionally, the command here should be view

> * For Days, short-forms are allowed, `Monday` will match with `mon` and for Dates, the format has to be (DD/MM/YY) but the year can be omitted and the day and month can have a leading 0. e.g `25/2/2025`, `25/02/2025`, `25/2`, and `25/02` will all match.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* For DAY, short-form is allowed, i.e. `Monday` will match with `mon`
* For DATE, the format has to be (DD/MM/YY) but the year can be omitted and the day and month can have a leading 0, i.e. `14/02/25`, `14/2`, and `14/02` will all match.
```
Would be good to change to 2 points to keep things less cluttered. Also, I think using 14 instead of 25 for the date could be less confusing (in case they mix up 25 for the year)

* At least one of the optional fields must be provided.
* Existing values will be updated to the input values.
* When editing recurring schedules, one time schedules or tags, the existing parameters of the client will be removed i.e it is not cumulative.
* You can remove all the client's recurring schedules, one time schedules and tags by typing `rs/`, `ots/`, and `t/` respectively without specifying any value after it.

Examples:
*  `edit 1 p/91234567 l/Anytime Fitness ots/4/4 1200 1400` Edits the phone number, location, and one time schedule of the 1st client to be `91234567`, `Anytime Fitness`, and `4/4 1200 1400` respectively.
*  `edit 2 n/Betsy Crower rs/ ots/ t/` Edits the name of the 2nd client to be `Betsy Crower` and clears all existing recurring schedules, one time schedules and tags.

### Deleting a client : `delete`

Deletes the specified client from FitFlow.

Format: `delete INDEX`

* Deletes the client at the specified `INDEX`.
* The index refers to the index number shown in the displayed client list.
* The index **must be a positive integer** 1, 2, 3, …​

### Help : `help`

Displays the description and formatting of commands in FitFlow.

> Format: `help [add] [view] [schedule] [edit] [delete] [clear] [exit]`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Format: `help [COMMAND_NAME]`
```

Perhaps to keep it simpler (so that UG does not always need to update here when more commands are added)

* `help` will display all the available commands in FitFlow.
* `help` can be called on its own, calling help followed by a specific command will give the specific description and formatting for that command. e.g `help add` will display the description of the add command and its formatting.

Examples:
* `list` followed by `delete 2` deletes the 2nd client from FitFlow.

> * `find Betsy` followed by `delete 1` deletes the 1st client in the results of the `find` command.

Reviewer 3: These should be examples for `help`, rather than `delete`

Format: `help`

### Adding a client: `add`

Adds a client to FitFlow.

> Format: `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER [rs/RECURRING_SCHEDULE]…​ g/GOALS mh/MEDICAL_HISTORY l/LOCATION [ots/ONE_TIME_SCHEDULE]…​ [t/TAG]…​`

Reviewer 3: The format here can be edited to follow what we currently show i.e. having ots infront

### Locating clients by name: `find`

Find clients whose names contain any of the given keywords.

Format: `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`

* The search is case-insensitive. e.g `hans` will match `Hans`
* The order of the keywords does not matter. e.g. `Hans Bo` will match `Bo Hans`
* Only the name is searched.
* Only the name and contact number of the client will be displayed
* Only full words will be matched e.g. `Han` will not match `Hans`
* Clients matching at least one keyword will be returned (i.e. `OR` search).
  e.g. `Hans Bo` will return `Hans Gruber`, `Bo Yang`

Examples:
* `find John` returns `john` and `John Doe`
* `find alex david` returns `Alex Yeoh`, `David Li`<br>
  ![result for 'find alex david'](images/findAlexDavidResult.png)

### View: `view`

Displays the sessions the personal trainer has with clients on that day.

Format: `view [DAY] [DAY_SHORT_FORM] [DATE (DD/MM)]`

* The search is case-insensitive. e.g `Monday` will match `monday`
* At least one of the optional fields must be provided.
* For Days, it will refer to the earliest upcoming day, for example if today is Tuesday, `view schedule Monday` will view the schedules on the Monday 6 days later.

> * For Days, short-forms are allowed, `Monday` will match with `Mon` and for Dates, the format has to be (DD/MM) and single digit days or months have to be preceded by a 0. e.g `25/02`, or `05/02`.

Reviewer 3: The dates can have year as well

Examples:
* `view Tue` returns the list of clients with sessions on Tuesday.

> * `view 25/02` returns the list of clients with sessions on 25/02/2025.

Reviewer 3: Perhaps here you can remove the year to keep it generic, since it may not always be 2025 where the user views the UG

* `view Monday` returns the list of clients with sessions on Monday. <br>
    ![result for 'view Monday'](images/viewMonday.png)

### Editing a client : `edit`

Edits an existing client in FitFlow.

> Format: `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [rs/RECURRING_SCHEDULE]…​ [g/GOALS] [mh/MEDICAL_HISTORY] [l/LOCATION] [ots/ONE_TIME_SCHEDULE]…​ [t/TAG]…​`

Reviewer 3: The format here can be edited to follow what we currently show i.e. having ots infront

* `find Betsy` followed by `delete 1` deletes the 1st client in the results of the `find` command.

### Exiting the program : `exit`

Exits the program.

Format: `exit`

### Clearing all entries : `clear`

Clears all entries from FitFlow.

Format: `clear`

### Saving the data

FitFlow data are saved in the hard disk automatically after any command that changes the data. There is no need to save manually.

### Editing the data file

FitFlow data are saved automatically as a JSON file `[JAR file location]/data/addressbook.json`. Advanced users are welcome to update data directly by editing that data file.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-warning">:exclamation: **Caution:**
If your changes to the data file makes its format invalid, FitFlow will discard all data and start with an empty data file at the next run. Hence, it is recommended to take a backup of the file before editing it.<br>
Furthermore, certain edits can cause FitFlow to behave in unexpected ways (e.g., if a value entered is outside of the acceptable range). Therefore, edit the data file only if you are confident that you can update it correctly.
</div>

> ### Archiving data files `[coming in v2.0]`

Reviewer 3: Maybe can remove this, since its not in our planned features

Action | Format, Examples
--------|------------------
**Add** | `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER [rs/RECURRING_SCHEDULE]…​ g/GOALS mh/MEDICAL_HISTORY l/LOCATION [ots/ONE_TIME_SCHEDULE]…​ [t/TAG]…​` <br> e.g., `add n/Alice Pauline p/94351253 rs/Mon 1400 1600 g/Get fitter mh/Twisted right ankle l/Bishan ActiveSG Gym ots/1/2 1000 1200 t/friends`
**Find** | `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` <br> e.g., `find John`

> **View Schedule** | `view schedule [DAY] [DAY_SHORT_FORM] [DATE (DD/MM/YY)] [DATE (DD/MM)]` <br> e.g., `view schedule Monday`

Reviewer 3: To change to `view`

Action | Format, Examples
--------|------------------
**Add** | `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER a/ADDRESS [t/TAG]…​` <br> e.g., `add n/James Ho p/22224444 e/jamesho@example.com a/123, Clementi Rd, 1234665 t/friend t/colleague`
**Clear** | `clear`
**Add** | `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER [rs/RECURRING_SCHEDULE]…​ g/GOALS mh/MEDICAL_HISTORY l/LOCATION [ots/ONE_TIME_SCHEDULE]…​ [t/TAG]…​` <br> e.g., `add n/Alice Pauline p/94351253 rs/Mon 1400 1600 g/Get fitter mh/Twisted right ankle l/Bishan ActiveSG Gym ots/1/2 1000 1200 t/friends`
**Find** | `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` <br> e.g., `find John`
**View Schedule** | `view schedule [DAY] [DAY_SHORT_FORM] [DATE (DD/MM/YY)] [DATE (DD/MM)]` <br> e.g., `view schedule Monday`
**Edit** | `edit edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [rs/RECURRING_SCHEDULE]…​ [g/GOALS] [mh/MEDICAL_HISTORY] [l/LOCATION] [ots/ONE_TIME_SCHEDULE]…​ [t/TAG]…​`<br> e.g.,`edit 1 p/91234567 l/Anytime Fitness ots/4/4 1200 1400`
**Delete** | `delete INDEX`<br> e.g., `delete 3`
**Edit** | `edit INDEX [n/NAME] [p/PHONE_NUMBER] [a/ADDRESS] [t/TAG]…​`<br> e.g.,`edit 2 n/James Lee e/jameslee@example.com`
**Find** | `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]`<br> e.g., `find James Jake`

> **List** | `list`

Reviewer 3: List should be brought back

Action | Format, Examples
--------|------------------

> **Help** | `help [add] [view] [schedule] [edit] [delete] [clear] [exit]` <br> e.g., `help add`

Reviewer 2: as above

> **Help** | `help [/add] [/view] [/schedule] [/edit] [/delete] [/clear] [/exit]` <br> e.g., `help /add`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Help** | `help [/add] [/view] [/list] [/find] [/edit] [/delete] [/clear] [/exit]` <br> e.g., `help /add`
```
Was missing some of the commands
Or can just change to `help [/COMMAND_NAME]` as above to keep things simpler

**Add** | `add n/NAME p/PHONE_NUMBER [rs/RECURRING_SCHEDULE]…​ [ots/ONE_TIME_SCHEDULE]…​ g/GOALS mh/MEDICAL_HISTORY l/LOCATION [t/TAG]…​` <br> e.g., `add n/Alice Pauline p/94351253 rs/Mon 1400 1600 ots/1/2 1000 1200 g/Get fitter mh/Twisted right ankle l/Bishan ActiveSG Gym t/friends`
**List** | `list` <br> e.g., `list`
**Find** | `find KEYWORD [MORE_KEYWORDS]` <br> e.g., `find John`

> **View** | `view [DAY] [DAY_SHORT_FORM] [DATE (DD/MM[/YY])]` <br> e.g., `view schedule Monday`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**View** | `view DAY/DATE` <br> e.g., `view Monday`
```
To follow the format above
